Mother
Lingjia Yunniu
You actually left my son paralyzed
This is the method of your Tiandao Legion
You are simply lawless, you don't deserve the word Tianliang
When passing through our two families of 880 people
How could you not have imagined that Feng Chongyang would exist today?
You release Aunt Chen immediately
Then I can release your son
Wang Chongyang killed countless people
I have already put the life and death of my family aside
Dad, you can't do this
I'm your son
Dad?
Don't worry.
Your death will be replaced by your father's grand cause
Dad will never let you die in vain
I will ask all the people here to be buried with you
Oops, Wang Chongyang has gone crazy
No Bottom Line
Remnants of the Lin family
I can eat pain once
But you can accept a wake for your neighbor
Did you bury a 20-year-old bone here?
Now.
There is nothing to threaten me anymore
You immediately hand over the Heaven Dou Divine Sword
Young master can't call
I will die without regret
But you can't!
You are the last blood of our neighbor
It is also the national history of lobster
You must not give in to this dog thief. Shut up.